and there folks this clésio beauty
juliana walking with another video lesson
for the website the study class portal
very hot spot
and in this video we 'll be talking
A little about print media is when
I deal with talking about bidis in css
I'm talking about a means of access
how so imagine if I did not find the
pec on page back praying print
on own website ok
this is a means of access is accessing
here via a print form
OK
or am I visualizing how it will
get the impression
only when you perform
print google chrome that
automatically removes all
background that I then put to this
you have to have is this can be
worked on css as he learns is a
collective background pattern design
What other things here that you can
to withdraw soon or of the case here I could
very well take away - this would not have
no need but how not to go back
to use my site as an example
let's close here is using a
lean document but first of all
for you who likes work supports
always proportion video exit all
days goes in there study grows dot com
goes down there and gives a short
You suck the continuity of the
our work
beauty then already close here have not here
ss is happening here will not change
to 000 you see it's working
wonder it is already being loaded
hockey as fff the bari background
here i have a link or pee hfcs css
in the middle this interesting guy in the middle
access
when I put media access screen
I'm saying this is going to be here.
accessed by a screen a screen then by
computer screens
notebooks and mobile
Finally, the whole range of
screen devices that we call
rock projection are
projection with its own name already says
projectors translating the lane still
brian we have some others who
you can explore several of the
in my opinion this rock and
people have another one still very nice
called print or that is when the
have the same print access
so when will you print the page?
you can filter the contents of
silver printing offering the best
possible experience for your user
uac so wonder if you want it
is compatible to be interpreted
same way for all case devices
all devices - then accesses
You put some even coming
default if you remove it here the media
is by default as beauty or
Everyone is here and I'm going to use it.
just screen like any one pc that
wonder is 5 to 1 against op
will also continue the same thing now
if I, for example, saw that I have h1
change the color of this h1 aquino style
color 0 will be f5 change the color blue
if I give a control p the color still
because it 's because I
I have specified this hence that style
and will only be applied to the
access screen then that's what I'm
watching here when you played against
P
google chrome simulates for me
print model automatically
then this print model would already be
without that in css right then basically
here it is still black
because a css was not loaded because
is not the kind of media you have and
This is very cool and when I put it
I close the kibon against f5 I update
gift against op
he stays in case that means that the
island is for all means of access
available to the device all types of
so that you can see that
the same style that is affected in my
document via screen
it is also affected via print and this is
very interesting is for you
would work filtering offer as already
I spoke the best experience for the
user then the more you can
working on content delivery
filtered from your user and becomes very
great very good
for example if you film goes there to
filter your entire site as the user
will print an article and you filter the
content on this site is so you withdraw
all unattractive and really focus on
article user instead of seeing all that
poet site all that that information
unnecessary polluting the sight of him
will see only your article so if this
You, that way you can do it.
offer a great experience
because the user
Okay, so here I've commented one
another css that I have here since it is the
print dots and ss is the css I created
generic and the only difference is that
I put print, that is when
Found the foot here, I'll do it.
changes which only influenced the
means of print access or just one
printed document
so I have to lose points and ss
comment the line, look, I just downloaded
another css just to deal with it
so I separated I made two layers this
this organization is very nice and
here for example let's give the h1 color
for orange hours of f5 woke up to
Gaucho is not orange but is a
op
wake up one turned orange then see
that I can influence is in the case I
I can make distinctions right then it was
This is what I wanted to show
I hope you liked it.
enjoy sharing share why
here is knowledge and leave that strong
hug and until a next